Add citation of survey of C/C++ hardening flags (#823)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md

The recommendations in Table 1 and Table 2 are primarily applicable to compiling user space code in GNU/Linux environments using either the GCC and Binutils toolchain or the Clang / LLVM toolchain and have been included in this document because they are:

> - widely deployed and enabled by default for pre-built packages in at least some major Linux distributions, including Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat and SUSE Linux. See [^compiler-flags-distro] for a survey of their flags.

Reviewer: I think the footnote markers don't read well if used as nouns. Can we at least add the main author's name here to improve the readability?

```suggestion
- widely deployed and enabled by default for pre-built packages in at least some major Linux distributions, including Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat and SUSE Linux. See Voisin et al.'s continuous survey of compiler options used by distributions[^compiler-flags-distro].
```

- supported both by the GCC and Clang / LLVM toolchains.
- cross-platform and supported on (at least) Intel and AMD 64-bit x86 architectures as well as the 64-bit version of the ARM architecture (AArch64).

> [^compiler-flags-distro]: [compiler-flags-distro](https://github.com/jvoisin/compiler-flags-distro/blob/main/README.md)

Reviewer: Let's make this consistent with our other footnotes referring to Github repositories:

```suggestion
[^compiler-flags-distro]: Voisin, Julien et al., [Default compiler hardening flags used to build packages for Linux distributions](https://github.com/jvoisin/compiler-flags-distro), Github jvoisin/compiler-flags-distro, 2025-02-14. 
```
